cli: multi-value values cannot contain comma, OCR-D/core#921 (#232)
OCR-D/spec: cli.md

**NOTE**: Parameters marked **MULTI-VALUE** cannot be repeated but can specify
multiple values, formatted as a single string with comma-separated items (e.g.
`-I group1,group2,group3` instead of `-I group1 -I group2 -I group3`). Due to

> comma being used as a separator, the values cannot contain commas themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comma being used as a separator (and not allowed in METS identifiers), 
the values themselves must not contain commas.
```
